# Memorandum from the Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians Summer 2004 Number 46

It was a mild day for the 2004 March for Life with the temperature topping at about 42 degrees. Joining PLAGAL members were a pacifist, vegan, pro-life straight couple Jeffrey and Summer who had read about our past trouble with the March for Life. They wanted to join us in solidarity and it was really great to have them there. The theme of this year's March for Life was "Unity in the life principles". Maybe Nellie Gray is starting to soften her hard line position on nontraditional prolifers and realize it will take all of us working together. There were no arrests this years and no hint of any trouble. In addition to carrying our PLAGAL banner we carried signs that said **1 out of 10 aborted children are gay: Stop abortion.** *Not all gays and lesbians support abortion.* Human Rights Start When Human Life Begins. ***It will take all prolifers working together to stop abortion: let's work together.*** We did have a few people ask questions about the 1 out of 10 aborted children are gay sign. A few people came up to us and thanked us for being there. There were no negative comments made at all this year.

While all the usual speeches were going on PLAGAL members had the opportunity to talk with those around us. Among the groups near us was Democrats for Life which is now headed by Carol Crossed who is also a member of PLAGAL. They brought the most interesting prop (for lack of a better word). Jelly Bean who is the Pro-life democratic Donkey. Our executive Vice President Tim Cravens did not let the fact that he is a Log Cabin Republican get into the way of having his picture taken with Jelly Bean and Carol Crossed.

There was a large meeting of Schumer and Clinton from New York with pro-lifers. PLAGAL members Tim Cravens and Maria Krasinski tagged along with Carol Crossed and the Democrats for Life contingency. There were many pro-lifers of many stripes in the room.

Some of these pro-lifers brought up religion as their argument against abortion. Carol Crossed spoke on behalf of Democrats for Life and got one important concession out of Schumer -- she pointed out that the Democratic National Committee has many links, but refused to link to DFL. Schumer said he agreed that they should link to DFL and promised to try to get it to happen, and agreed to link from his own site. He may have been lying, but for him to publicly say this was something. Tim Craves spoke with Hillary Clinton -- she now knows that PLAGAL exists, his involvment in it, and why abortion could result in extermination of gays (with the discovery of the gay gene). Tim caught Schumer going by -- he was on a cell phone but responded when Tim called out his name and took the PLAGAL literature and nodded as he walked by.

Board member Rick Hoffman and Cecilia Brown President learned that you cannot walk in with sealed letters for your representatives. Those doing the screening could have had a more professional approach in the way they handled the situation. Who knew that you could not bring letters that were sealed into the building? It was not like there was a policy that was posted for all to see. All hell almost broke loose when Cecilia went to open the envelope in the building just to show what was inside. They had to go outside and dispose of the envelopes and the banner and enter from a different door. First stop was to Senator George Voinovict from Ohio and he was not in but they left personal letters and some PLAGAL brochures.

Senator Mike DeWine was receiving pro-lifers from the march and even had peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, brownies, hot cocao and coffee for them. Rick and Cecilia were able to talk with Senator DeWine for a few minutes. They thanked him for his support for pro-life issues but also asked that he keep in mind issues of the glbt community community especially ones that effect our families. They gave him personal letters and brochures about PLAGAL and he promised he would read over them. Cecilia was quick to point out her disappointment of the lack of response to previous letters and faxes to his office on this and other issues.

After our lobbying efforts Cecilia met up with the Silent No More group. Tim and Rick headed to the Supreme Court steps to show support for the women in the campaign. For those unaware the Silent No More is an awareness campaign by women who have had abortions and have been hurt by them emotionally, physically, and spiritually. This year Cecilia did not share her story so that other women who did not participate last year could share theirs. Cecilia stood in the back ground in solidarity with these women holding her sign ***"I regret my abortion"***. It was a very moving experience to hear women speak about their personal experiences with abortion.
